EEG Raw and processed data for a memory task presented in virtual reality, 
The full task is on OSF: https://osf.io/s9xmu/files

Derviatives:
Behavioral data from the task in derivatives
Processed data is in the derivatives 

Code
Event codes are listed in the code file
Trial function, preprocessing, data cleaning and analysis are also in the code file. 


Task:
Wearing a head mounted display to display the task in virtual reality participants completed a visual working memory task 
In the task they had to remember the status of and details about presented objects. 
A person or a stick cued the items such that it could look left or right and items could appear on the left or right. Sometimes the cue was valid 
(i.e. pointed where objects appeared) and sometimes it was invalid (pointed away from where objects appeared) 
The objects were always a bowl, a cup, a plate and a teapot. Each could have a different status that needed to be remembered 
praticipants were probed on memory for item location and then item status


Preprint  to be added


Event codes within the data set are as follows. Trial function is included in code folder. 
For the avatar cue
s3021 Character shown - i.e. moment the avatar appears
s3022 Objects shown - i.e. moment that the memory targets appear
s3023 Maintenance interal - i.e. moment the memory objects leave the screen and the blank maintenance interval occurs
s3024 Probe object shown - i.e. moment that participantis presented with location probe
s3025 Resp 1 made - i.e. moment that the participants have responded to the location probe
s3026 Q2 shown - i.e. moment that participants are asked a question about the status of the objects
s3027 Resp 2 made - i.e. moment that the participants have responded to the status probe

For the stick cue
s3041 Stick shown - i.e. moment the stick appears
s3042 Objects shown - i.e. moment that the memory targets appear
s3043 Maintenance interal - i.e. moment the memory objects leave the screen and the blank maintenance interval occurs
s3044 Probe object shown - i.e. moment that participantis presented with location probe
s3045 Resp 1 made - i.e. moment that the participants have responded to the location probe
s3046 Q2 shown - i.e. moment that participants are asked a question about the status of the objects
s3047 Resp 2 made - i.e. moment that the participants have responded to the status probe


Trial info EEG processed data

1: Main condition (MainCon)
	1 = Stick Congruent 
	2 = Stick Incongruenct
	3 = Avatar Congruent
	4 = Avatar Incongruent
2: Cue condition left or right (MConCueLR)
	1 = Stick Congruent Cue shifts left
	2 = Stick Congruent Cue shifts right
	3 = Stick Incongruent Cue shifts left
	4 = Stick Incongruent Cue shifts right
	5 = Avatar Congruent Cue shifts left
	6 = Avatar Congruent Cue shifts right
	7 = Avatar Incongruent Cue shifts left
	8 = Avatar Incongruent Cue shifts right
3: Condition from experiment build (con) 
	1 = Congruent, cueshift L, items Left, same location 
	2 = Congruent, cueshift L, items Left, dif location 
	3 = Congruent, cueshift R, items Right, same location 
	4 = Congruent, cueshift R, items Right, dif location 
	5 = Incongruent, cueshift L, items Right, same location 
	6 = Incongruent, cueshift L, items Right, dif location 
	7 = Incongruent, cueshift R, items Left, same location 
	8 = Incongruent, cueshift R, items Left, dif location 
4: Validity 
	1 = valid (congruent)
	2= invalid (incongruent)

5: Location
	1 = Same (i.e. probe at same location as when initially presented)
	2 = Different (i.e. probe at different location as when initially presented)
6 Cue 
	1 = Stick cue
	2 = Avatar cue
7 Left or Right cue (LorR) specific to  the cue shift
	1 = Left Stick
	2 = Right Stick
	3 = Left Avatar
	4 = Right Avatar
8 Start: Sample time for start of the trial
9 Cue: Sample time for cue onset
10 Targets: Sample time for target onset
11 Maintenance: Sample time for start of mainanance interval 
12 Location probe: Sample time for location probe being shown
13 Location response time: Sample time for response to location probe being made
14 Status question: Sample time for status question being asked
15 Status response time: Sample time for response to status question being made
16 Accuracy for the location question
17 Accuracy for the status question